Validation Fixes (#255)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/routes/calculate-routes-from-major-roads.md

---
title: "Calculate Routes from Major Roads | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "This article describes how to calculate a routes from major roads, providing URL templates, template parameters, and examples."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This article describes how to calculate a route from major roads, providing URL templates, template parameter descriptions, and exampled that return starting points for routes from major roads for a specified address with responses in JSON and XML."
```
